ZEN-14030: Add date-picker (#55)
reciprocity/zenlib: README.md

# ZenLib is a Vue.js components library

> 

Reviewer: 👀

Author: My IDE autoformat...

We run coverage checks on each PR so try not to ship code without tests ;)

> ### Adding a new package/component

Reviewer: 💯

> 1. Create a folder under the `package` folder. Name it as the component, using Kebab case. It should contain an `index.js` file that export the main component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a folder under the `packages` folder. Name it as the component, using Kebab case. It should contain an `index.js` file that exports the main component.
```
